docs: Add prototype mutation protection env var (#3071)
n8n-io/n8n-docs: docs/hosting/configuration/environment-variables/task-runners.md

| `N8N_RUNNERS_MAX_CONCURRENCY` | Number | `5` | The number of concurrent tasks a task runner can execute at a time. |
| `NODE_FUNCTION_ALLOW_BUILTIN` | String | - | Permit users to import specific built-in modules in the Code node. Use * to allow all. n8n disables importing modules by default. |
| `NODE_FUNCTION_ALLOW_EXTERNAL` | String | - | Permit users to import specific external modules (from `n8n/node_modules`) in the Code node. n8n disables importing modules by default. |

> | `N8N_RUNNERS_ALLOW_PROTOTYPE_MUTATION` | Boolean | `false` | Whether to allow prototype mutation for external libraries. Set to `false` to allow modules that rely on runtime prototype mutation, e.g. `puppeteer`, at the cost of security. | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `N8N_RUNNERS_ALLOW_PROTOTYPE_MUTATION` | Boolean | `false` | Whether to allow prototype mutation for external libraries. Set to `false` to allow modules that rely on runtime prototype mutation (for example, [`puppeteer`](https://pptr.dev/)) at the cost of relaxing security. | 
```

Mainly to quiet Vale errors, but I thought adding "relaxing" might make this sound less binary.

> | `N8N_RUNNERS_ALLOW_PROTOTYPE_MUTATION` | Boolean | `false` | Whether to allow prototype mutation for external libraries. Set to `false` to allow modules that rely on runtime prototype mutation (for example, [`puppeteer`](https://pptr.dev/)) at the cost of relaxing security. | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `N8N_RUNNERS_ALLOW_PROTOTYPE_MUTATION` | Boolean | `false` | Whether to allow prototype mutation for external libraries. Set to `true` to allow modules that rely on runtime prototype mutation (for example, [`puppeteer`](https://pptr.dev/)) at the cost of relaxing security. | 
```
